Whatchagot Casserole:

Preheat oven to 350 or 375 or whatever. It doesn't really matter.

Grease a casserole dish. No grease? Be creative. Mayonnaise, salad dressing....whatever you got with a little bit of oil. No casserole dish? Use a thing that can go in the oven then.

Fill your oven-able container with these layers:

Layer one: Cooked Starch. Cooked noodles, beans, rice, potatoes. Something like that. Something you've already got in your cupboard because I bet you anything that you have something, even if it's the dregs of a box of Hamburger Helper or Rice a Roni or Ramen. Once I even used leftover Thanksgiving stuffing.

Layer two: Cooked Vegetable. Just open a can of something or other, it doesn't have to be fancy if you have no fresh veggies. (if you open a can, keep the liquid)

Layer three: Cooked Protein. Meat, okay, it could be meat. Ground beef. Can of tuna, whatever. But it could also be chopped hardboiled egg or sauteed hotdogs or fried bologna. Or cheese.

Layer four: Sauce. Mix up two things. Cream of [fill in the blank] soup and the liquid from your can of veggies. Sour cream and salad dressing. Mayonnaise and a packet of ranch dressing mix. It doesn't matter; just mix together two things that don't gross you out, ok? If it's bland, add in spices. You could use the packet from the ramen or the Rice a Roni, if you have nothing else. You could mix it up with mustard even.

Layer five: Topping. This is the fun part! Cheese! A roll of biscuit dough! Bread crumbs! Smashed up potato chips! The last tiny bit of a box of unsweetened cereal that isn't enough to fill a bowl but you can't throw it out because that's like throwing away money! Chopped nuts! Whatevah! If it's stale, no matter. Either toast it under the broiler for a few minutes (watch it carefully) or sautee it in an oil (or butter, pam, salad dressing, mayonnaise...)

Bake it until it's hot through and bubbly on top. If you have a topping that could get too brown too fast, cover the dish (use tin foil if you are improvising) until the last five or ten minutes or so. Just cook until it looks ready. Usually about a half hour.

OK? If you do this right, then you can make this for under five bucks and it should feed you for several days.

I should know, I do it all the time.
